Diary z5467103

Week 1:
We Formed a group of 5, we call ourself okay buddy. together we read through all the project outlines as a group and discussed how would we tackle those problem based on our skillsets and availability. Decided that we are going to do a web development project and three people will be working on the frontend and two people will be working on the backend. Decided that sheena will be the scrum master.

Week 2:
Decided on our project preference for the project raffle;roject 18, project 16, project 17, project 23 and project 23, the result we got project 23. Decided that Eric, Vincent, and Nicolas will be working on the backend. Sheina and myself will be working on the frontend. Started on the project proposal backbone structure and will fill in all the details when the project selection is finalised. Also made the profesional user flow diagram and possible action per page.

Week 3: 
Discussed and refined the user flow with fellow members, made the proposal and i did my part which was the user flow, I also joined the meeting where we did a final review and revamp the storyboards while also scheduling up the sprints for our project. Also did some brainstorming on how the design and theme of the UI and made up the company name


Week 4:
Me and the scrum master got the UI part, so i started doing that, we decided that we'll use react js with next.js as our framework, i was still new to this so i only made barebone pages to prepare for the week 5 lab. i was doing around 8 pages with routing. I did project details page, the landing page, the page for old, current, and planned project for companies
doing scrum number: 21, 1, 11

Week 5:

Demo time!. We did well on the demo, my pages was integrated well with the other and it showed swimmingly. Mine and sheina pages can move seamlessly. We did all of our target for our sprint 1. After the demo we made the after demo report and i helped with what went right part.

Week 6:
I adjusted my pages to fit the overall theme of the project, matching vision on how of my pages would intertwine with the backend, and the logic on how it'll work
doing scrum number: 22, 27, 28


Week 7:
Starting to integrate between frontend and backend, doing the sprint 2, we also met up offline to do the project together outside of the lab for easier communications
doing scrum number: 31, 26, 29  

Week 8: 
Demo time 2 electric bogaloo!. We did well on the demo, just some mishaps at the end, we tested before the demo, but somehow during the demo it broke. my pages was doing well so it still A okay. Mine and sheina pages can move seamlessly. We did all of our target for our sprint 2. After the demo we made the after demo report and i helped with what went right part.

Week 9:
Final push, basically doing my part of the sprint and making design changes at the end to make it more beautiful.
doing scrum number: 43