Week 1

In week 1, We formed a group of 5, Selected a Scrum Master which is Sheina.
We also have joined the Jira that is formed by Sheina. Other than that, we also decided
on the topic that we want to choose which is Topic 23. We also have started some brainstorming
on the features and tech stack that we want to use.

Week 2

In Week 2, We scanned through the project options again as the class require us to submit the top 5 project preferences we have,
We ended up Picking Project 23, 18, 16, 17, and 25. In the end we managed to get our number 1 project preference which is project 23.
We also have divided up the Backend Team and Frontend Team. This week, we also looked at past examples of the proposal. 
On Thursday Morning (23-09-2023) we conducted a meeting to seperate the divide up work for the proposal, Then we conducted a meeting with a client.
Additionaly, I also worked on the System Diagram for the proposal

Week 3
In week 3, Each of us focuses on finishing the sections of the proposal that was distributed in Week 2. Personally, I finished my section
which is the System Diagram, I also joined the meeting where we did a final review and revamp the storyboards while also scheduling up the sprints
for our project. Additionally, I also helped other sections of the proposal such as importing and reformating the storyboards from figma to the documents. 
In week 3, I also have started doing research on the Authentication model that we want to use between the frontend and backend along with the type of notification
system that I want to implement for the backend.


Week 4
In week 4, I created the initial backend code, then we had a meeting between the backend team to divide up our work. For the rest of the week I
worked on the backend sections that are assigned to me which is the Token Authentication Logic, Login and Register API, and Paginate Users API. Additionaly
I have also tested the file uploading functionality needed for the next sprint

Week 5
In week 5, I created a demo recording of the backend progress for the project client, Fixed some of the authentication API and also reworked on the logic of the file saving
to just save the file as base64 string instead of using a different collection

Week 6
Started working on reworking the get projects api to combine multiple endpoints into just one endpoint with multiple filters functionality in order
to make the get projects api multipurpose. Additionaly also implemented pagination into the get projects api so that the backend splits and returns the projects in pages

Week 7
Created the upload CV Api, Edit Profile API, and started working on the admin statistics api. Additionaly helped the frontend team in figuring out how to share database data
between team members.

Week 8
Did the second demo, Finished the admin API statistics api, created the get reviews API, Fixed a bug in the get projects api

Week 9,
Worked on the delete user api, delete projects api, added a sort by rating filter for the user api, fixed the company user rating feature

Week 10.
Did the final presentation demo, Did the final report where I primarily finished the Installation and Running Guide for the Aplication.